Update ingest-data-streaming.md (#205)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/ingest-data-streaming.md

## Limitations

> * [Database cursors](kusto/management/databasecursor.md) aren't supported for database if the database itself or any of its tables have [streaming ingestion policy](kusto/management/streamingingestionpolicy.md) defined and enabled. (therefore no support for continuous export, update policy is limited to a query of the source table only)
> * [Data mapping](kusto/management/mappings.md) must be [pre-created](kusto/management/create-ingestion-mapping-command.md) for use in streaming ingestion. Individual streaming ingestion requests don't accommodate inline data mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Database cursors](kusto/management/databasecursor.md) aren't supported for a database if the database itself or any of its tables have [streaming ingestion policy](kusto/management/streamingingestionpolicy.md) defined and enabled. In this case there is no support for continuous export, and the update policy is limited to a query of the source table only.
* [Data mapping](kusto/management/mappings.md) must be [pre-created](kusto/management/create-ingestion-mapping-command.md) for use in streaming ingestion. Individual streaming ingestion requests don't accommodate inline data mappings.
```
